docs: add Playwright.UseCustomLocations.md (#1071)
microsoft/playwright-sharp: docfx_project/documentation/Page.AdjustCommonSettings.md

# How to adjust some common settings, including set BrowsersPath and DriverExecutablePath but not limited
_Contributors: [Scott Huang](https://github.com/ScottHuangZL)_

## Problem

It is not easy or not convenient to let end user to: 

>     install nodejs firstly 

Reviewer: What do you mean with this?

Author: I complete build the application and copy the published folder to a machine(Win server 2016) which no .netcore & no nodejs, and run "playwright-cli install" it will show error as below:
So, I assume playwright-cli may be depends on something, nodejs?

I can remove this wording if you sure playwrght-cli is independent.  

```
(node:10220) UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: Error: read ECONNRESET
    at TLSWrap.onStreamRead (internal/stream_base_commons.js:205:27)
(node:10220) UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: Unhandled promise rejection. This error originated either by throwing inside of an async function without a catch block, or by rejecting a promise which was not handled with .catch(). To terminate the node process on unhandled promise rejection, use the CLI flag `--unhandled-rejections=strict` (see https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_unhandled_rejections_mode). (rejection id: 1)
(node:10220) [DEP0018] DeprecationWarning: Unhandled promise rejections are deprecated. In the future, promise rejections that are not handled will terminate the Node.js process with a non-zero exit code.
```

Reviewer: That sounds like a network error. I don't think that's related to dependencies.

Author: I have remove that related wording "install nodejs firstly " more than 1 weeks ago.

    
    and then run "playwright-cli install", 
    
    and then wait long time(if networking not good or have "great wall") to download browser before they can run program

> You want make your exe portable, and put the browsers & drivers as subfolder into your main exe folder and ship to end user directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want make your exe portable, and put the browsers & drivers as subfolder into your main exe folder and ship to end user directly.
```

> So, you want to manual set BrowsersPath and DriverExecutablePath. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, you want to set BrowsersPath and DriverExecutablePath manually. 
```

You want several programs both portable and share same customized browser/drivers to save disk space 

You want add web credential to pass authentication silently, or set web proxy to fast internet access, or adjust timeout settings and so on

You want published as single exe file format

## Solution

> Please go through this wiki, it should be help you easily catch up for how to meet above expectations.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can put the custom path parameter in your appseetings.json and read it when start program
```cs
_browsersPath = _config.GetValue<string>("BrowsersPath");
_driverExecutablePath = _config.GetValue<string>("DriverExecutablePath");
```
Or may be just use fixed strings for subfoders
```cs
_browsersPath = "ms-playwright";
_driverExecutablePath = "./playwright-cli.exe"; 
```

Note, take win-x64 as example, the browser ususaly default installed in C:\Users\your_name\AppData\Local\ms-playwright

You can copy that folder to your main published exe subfolder. 

The folder "ms-playwright" usually contain chromium/firefox/webkit together, you can delete some browsers folders after copy in case you no need it to save disk space.

> I usually publish .netcore console program with command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish a .netcore console program with command:
```

```
dotnet publish -r win-x64 -c Release /p:PublishSingleFile=true /p:PublishTrimmed=true
//After build, vs studio compiler will auto generate the playwright-cli.exe in publish folder, at least for version 0.170.1
```
Or you can click your project to open yourproject.csproj file to set as below

> ```

Reviewer: let's remove extra spaces here.

 <PropertyGroup>
    <OutputType>Exe</OutputType>
    <TargetFramework>net5.0</TargetFramework>
    <PublishSingleFile>true</PublishSingleFile>
    <PublishTrimmed>true</PublishTrimmed>
    <RuntimeIdentifier>win-x64</RuntimeIdentifier>
  </PropertyGroup>
```

The published folder structure would be like below:
```
publish
    yourprogram.exe  //the published single exe file
    playwright-cli.exe  //the driver
    //...some other dlls, but not much since you publish with single file format...
    ms-playwright  //the browser folder
        chromium-833159 //I only keep chromium and delete firefox/webkit, it depends on your need
            chrome-win
               //...the browser files
```
    
    

The key sample codes as below:

```cs

>                 //Note: all _ started variable is reading from appseetings.json, or you can replace it with your fixed string 

Reviewer: Can we remove the extra spaces in this code?

                    headless: _headless,
                    slowMo: _config.GetValue<int>("Delay"),
                    //setup proxy if setting have value
                    proxy: (_proxyServer.Length > 0) ? _proxySettings : null
                    );

                _log.LogInformation("After launch, browser version:{version}", browser.Version);

                _log.LogInformation("New apage and set credentials");
                var context = await browser.NewContextAsync(acceptDownloads: true);
                //setting credentials if necessary, you can comment below line if no needed
                await context.SetHttpCredentialsAsync(_credentials);
                var page = await context.NewPageAsync();
             

                //Try to adjust timeout value by yourselves
                page.DefaultNavigationTimeout = (int)TimeSpan.FromSeconds(
                    _defaultNavagationTimeout).TotalMilliseconds;
                page.DefaultTimeout = (int)TimeSpan.FromSeconds(
                    _defaultTimeout).TotalMilliseconds;
                    
                await page.GoToAsync("http://anyurl.for.testing");    

```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
